docs/NtGM/7. Grandmaster.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Grandmaster
parent: Novice to Grandmaster
nav_order: 7
---

 <img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/64d17c40b34901ca2dacadb110d451c4.jpg" alt="Training Ground's Banner"> 

# Grandmaster
{: .fs-9 }

## Training Ground
{: .fs-5 .fw-300 }

A place of study, the students that train along the northern shore of the Burroughs River are indeed a worthy foe. Hunters who prove themselves as formidable opponents may earn the right to challenge the students' teachers.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

### Chapter 7
You need a Tactical weapon to catch the mice in Training Grounds well.

Use Mutated Venus Mouse Trap, Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese.

Catch Archer Mouse until you loot Ticket to the Burroughs Bazaar.

Claim the adventure Take an Archery Lesson at the Training Grounds once you obtain Ticket to the Burroughs Bazaar.

<img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/844ce3418fc5990eb57738aa5223462e.jpg" alt="Bazaar's Banner"> 

## Bazaar

The organizers of the Bazaar used to travel abroad with a merchant companion named Ronza. During their visit to the Burroughs region, these quirky folk felt right at home, so much so that they decided to stay! Their newly constructed shops are now known across the Kingdom for their strange inventory.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

You aren’t going to hunt in Bazaar. If you must, use a Physical or Tactical set-up with highest luck.

The main attraction is the Cartographer, which sells and repairs map pieces.

Purchase Stitched Furoma Map Piece from Bazaar Cartographer. It’s an expensive band-aid so you may have to return to Mousoleum and Laboratory to earn the gold required.

Travel to Dojo once you have done the purchases.

<img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/1421a0b3920d4bfafb6a150ced5f4278.jpg" alt="Dojo's Banner"> 

## Dojo

The ground floor of the Furoma Pagoda is where students most frequently train. Be cautious of your trap setup when hunting here as students are resistant to basic attacks.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

A Tactical weapon is needed to catch the mice in Dojo well.

Use Mutated Venus Mouse Trap, Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese.

Catch Student of the Cheese Belt Mouse to loot Token of the Cheese Belt.

Catch Student of the Cheese Claw Mouse to loot Token of the Cheese Claw.

Catch Student of the Cheese Fang Mouse to loot Token of the Cheese Fang.

Maki Cheese increases the attraction rate of the above mice but is not worth the cost.

King's Credit|A much faster way to obtain the tokens is to buy 1 Cheese Belt Token Pack, 1 Cheese Claw Token Pack and 1 Cheese Fang Token Pack from King’s Cart and open them.

Travel to Meditation Room once you have at least 6 of each token.

<img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/8d4d7b2c39f6027fc7e8bc20507ba817.jpg" alt="Meditation Room's Banner"> 

## Meditation Room

The second floor of the Pagoda is where the Masters of the three cheese schools meditate and study. These Masters are far too wise to go for conventional bait. Instead, a hunter will need to craft very specific bait in order to attract each master.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

A Tactical weapon is needed to catch the mice in Meditation Room well.

If you don’t have an Ambush Trap Blueprints yet, use Mutated Venus Mouse Trap, Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese. Use Swiss Cheese if you’re low on funds.

Catch Hapless Mouse until you loot Ambush Trap Blueprints.

Craft 2 batches of Glutter Cheese to catch only 1 Master of the Cheese Belt Mouse that drops Master Belt Shard.

Craft 2 batches of Susheese Cheese to catch only 1 Master of the Cheese Claw Mouse that drops Master Claw Shard.

Craft 2 batches of Combat Cheese to catch only 1 Master of the Cheese Fang Mouse that drops Master Fang Shard.

Find crafting recipes of the cheese on MouseHunt Wiki. Recipe Book, accessible in Crafting, will also come handy.

Super Power Charm from loot or Power Charm from Mountain Charm Shoppe is recommended with Glutter Cheese, Susheese Cheese and Combat Cheese.

Combine 1 Master Belt Shard, 1 Master Claw Shard and 1 Master Fang Shard to obtain 1 Master’s Seal.

Buy Ambush Trap from the Trapsmith.

Again, Mousoleum and Laboratory are your best friends if you need more gold.

Travel back to Great Gnarled Tree once you have obtained Ambush Trap.

## Great Gnarled Tree Again

Now that you have Ambush Trap, use it with Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese to loot Gnarled Potions.

Collect at least 5 Gnarled Potions. It’s not a common drop although you may have obtained some as gifts from friends before.

Now get 55 Brie Cheese from Great Gnarled Tree Cheese Shoppe and convert Brie Cheese to Gnarled Cheese using Gnarled Potion. Again, the SUPERbrie+ conversion is not worth its cost.

Travel to Lagoon after you get at least 50 Gnarled Cheese.

<img src="https://i622.photobucket.com/albums/tt301/s18067/WhiskerWoods.jpg" alt="Lagoon's Banner"> 

## Lagoon

The enticing blue water hypnotizes hunters, distracting them from the dangerous mice that take up residence nearby. The terrain that surrounds the Lagoon is extremely unsteady, comprised of jagged rocks and slick moss. High up in the trees that surround the Lagoon are the nests of Harpy mice who act as a plague to all hunters, stealing their cheese, gold and crippling their courage. Some mice here are not attracted to conventional bait. It is highly recommended that a hunter use Gnarled cheese when hunting at the Lagoon.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

Use Ambush Trap, Dehydration Base and Gnarled Cheese.

You will see more misses than usual but do get hyped – you will build a ship! However, you have get two components from loot first.

Loot 1 Ship Blueprints from Hydra Mouse.

Loot 18 from
<ul>
<li>Hydra Mouse</li>
<li>Goblin Mouse</li>
<li>Steel Mouse from Town of Digby (Recommended)</li>
</ul>

You also need to get at least 650,000 gold for the ship and another important purchase. Mousoleum and Laboratory are still the killer combo.

This is typically the first point that a player finds difficulty in meeting the gold target. You may read Early Rank [Gold Guide](https://kuhmann.github.io/mhbasics/docs/NtGM/goldfarming) for more gold farming suggestions.

Once you’re ready, buy the remaining components of the ship at Great Gnarled Tree General Store so that you have 
<ul>
<li>1 King’s Reserve Bubbleh</li>
<li>70 Bolt of Cloth</li>
<li>100 Rope</li>
<li>900 Splintered Wood, which can be bought at Training Grounds General Store.</li>
</ul>

Since Grandmaster only has 5 crafting slots, craft Unchristened Ship first with 1 Ship Blueprints, 18 Scrap Metal, 70 Bolt of Cloth, 100 Rope and 900 Splintered Wood.

Afterwards, craft S.S. Huntington IV with 1 Unchristened Ship and 1 King’s Reserve Bubbleh.
For Legendary or above, just directly craft S.S. Huntington IV with 1 Ship Blueprints, 18 Scrap Metal, 70 Bolt of Cloth, 100 Rope, 900 Splintered Wood AND 1 King’s Reserve Bubbleh.

Claim the adventure Craft the S.S. Huntington IV after you have crafted the ship.

If you still haven’t ranked up, farm gold at Mousoleum.

Travel to S.S. Huntington IV when you rank up to [Legendary](https://kuhmann.github.io/mhbasics/docs/LtB/8. Legendary).

Commit message:

GM + Legendary Touch up
GM
- Added Pinnacle Chamber
- Added Tip on how to get to Digby

Legendary
- Trial test of Cape Clawed

docs/NtGM/7. Grandmaster.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Grandmaster
parent: Novice to Grandmaster
nav_order: 7
---

 <img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/64d17c40b34901ca2dacadb110d451c4.jpg" alt="Training Ground's Banner"> 

# Grandmaster
{: .fs-9 }

## Training Ground
{: .fs-5 .fw-300 }

A place of study, the students that train along the northern shore of the Burroughs River are indeed a worthy foe. Hunters who prove themselves as formidable opponents may earn the right to challenge the students' teachers.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

### Chapter 7
You need a Tactical weapon to catch the mice in Training Grounds well.

Use Mutated Venus Mouse Trap, Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese.

Catch Archer Mouse until you loot Ticket to the Burroughs Bazaar.

Claim the adventure Take an Archery Lesson at the Training Grounds once you obtain Ticket to the Burroughs Bazaar.

<img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/844ce3418fc5990eb57738aa5223462e.jpg" alt="Bazaar's Banner"> 

## Bazaar

The organizers of the Bazaar used to travel abroad with a merchant companion named Ronza. During their visit to the Burroughs region, these quirky folk felt right at home, so much so that they decided to stay! Their newly constructed shops are now known across the Kingdom for their strange inventory.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

You aren’t going to hunt in Bazaar. If you must, use a Physical or Tactical set-up with highest luck.

The main attraction is the Cartographer, which sells and repairs map pieces.

Purchase Stitched Furoma Map Piece from Bazaar Cartographer. It’s an expensive band-aid so you may have to return to Mousoleum and Laboratory to earn the gold required.

Travel to Dojo once you have done the purchases.

<img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/1421a0b3920d4bfafb6a150ced5f4278.jpg" alt="Dojo's Banner"> 

## Dojo

The ground floor of the Furoma Pagoda is where students most frequently train. Be cautious of your trap setup when hunting here as students are resistant to basic attacks.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

A Tactical weapon is needed to catch the mice in Dojo well.

Use Mutated Venus Mouse Trap, Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese.

Catch Student of the Cheese Belt Mouse to loot Token of the Cheese Belt.

Catch Student of the Cheese Claw Mouse to loot Token of the Cheese Claw.

Catch Student of the Cheese Fang Mouse to loot Token of the Cheese Fang.

Maki Cheese increases the attraction rate of the above mice but is not worth the cost.

King's Credit|A much faster way to obtain the tokens is to buy 1 Cheese Belt Token Pack, 1 Cheese Claw Token Pack and 1 Cheese Fang Token Pack from King’s Cart and open them.

Travel to Meditation Room once you have at least 6 of each token.

<img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/8d4d7b2c39f6027fc7e8bc20507ba817.jpg" alt="Meditation Room's Banner"> 

## Meditation Room

The second floor of the Pagoda is where the Masters of the three cheese schools meditate and study. These Masters are far too wise to go for conventional bait. Instead, a hunter will need to craft very specific bait in order to attract each master.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

A Tactical weapon is needed to catch the mice in Meditation Room well.

If you don’t have an Ambush Trap Blueprints yet, use Mutated Venus Mouse Trap, Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese. Use Swiss Cheese if you’re low on funds.

Catch Hapless Mouse until you loot Ambush Trap Blueprints.

Craft 2 batches of Glutter Cheese to catch only 1 Master of the Cheese Belt Mouse that drops Master Belt Shard.

Craft 2 batches of Susheese Cheese to catch only 1 Master of the Cheese Claw Mouse that drops Master Claw Shard.

Craft 2 batches of Combat Cheese to catch only 1 Master of the Cheese Fang Mouse that drops Master Fang Shard.

Find crafting recipes of the cheese on MouseHunt Wiki. Recipe Book, accessible in Crafting, will also come handy.

Super Power Charm from loot or Power Charm from Mountain Charm Shoppe is recommended with Glutter Cheese, Susheese Cheese and Combat Cheese.

Combine 1 Master Belt Shard, 1 Master Claw Shard and 1 Master Fang Shard to obtain 1 Master’s Seal.

Buy Ambush Trap from the Trapsmith.

Again, Mousoleum and Laboratory are your best friends if you need more gold.

<img src="https://www.mousehuntgame.com/images/environments/a4fa72ca33426c8b7630b6c268ff3b77.jpg" alt="Pinnacle Chamber's Banner"> 

## Pinnacle Chamber

The stairs that lead to the third and final floor of the Pagoda are behind a thick, opulent set of double doors and are extremely well guarded. The grand chamber of this floor is where the Masters of the Dojo reside, occasionally seen peering over the landscape they wish to enslave. Any hunter wishing to challenge these powerful mice will require an unstable and rare cheese.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

Loot 3 Tokens of the Cheese Belt, 3 Tokens of the Cheese Claw and 3 Tokens of the Cheese Fang from respective student mice in Dojo.

Craft 1 batch of Glutter Cheese, 1 batch of Susheese Cheese and 1 batch of Combat Cheese to catch 1 of each master mouse in Meditation Room.

Travel to Pinnacle Chamber.

Craft 1 batch of Rumble Cheese to catch 1 Master of the Dojo Mouse. Master of the Dojo Mouse drops Onyx Stone.

It is recommended to arm charms like Chrome Charm to boost catch rate when using aforementioned crafted cheese.

Claim the adventure Capture the Master of the Dojo after you have caught Master of the Dojo Mouse.

## Great Gnarled Tree Again

Now that you have Ambush Trap, use it with Dehydration Base and Brie Cheese to loot Gnarled Potions.

Collect at least 5 Gnarled Potions. It’s not a common drop although you may have obtained some as gifts from friends before.

Now get 55 Brie Cheese from Great Gnarled Tree Cheese Shoppe and convert Brie Cheese to Gnarled Cheese using Gnarled Potion. Again, the SUPERbrie+ conversion is not worth its cost.

Travel to Lagoon after you get at least 50 Gnarled Cheese.

<img src="https://i622.photobucket.com/albums/tt301/s18067/WhiskerWoods.jpg" alt="Lagoon's Banner"> 

## Lagoon

The enticing blue water hypnotizes hunters, distracting them from the dangerous mice that take up residence nearby. The terrain that surrounds the Lagoon is extremely unsteady, comprised of jagged rocks and slick moss. High up in the trees that surround the Lagoon are the nests of Harpy mice who act as a plague to all hunters, stealing their cheese, gold and crippling their courage. Some mice here are not attracted to conventional bait. It is highly recommended that a hunter use Gnarled cheese when hunting at the Lagoon.
{: .fs-4 .fw-300 }

Use Ambush Trap, Dehydration Base and Gnarled Cheese.

You will see more misses than usual but do get hyped – you will build a ship! However, you have get two components from loot first.

Loot 1 Ship Blueprints from Hydra Mouse.

Loot 18 from
<ul>
<li>Hydra Mouse</li>
<li>Goblin Mouse</li>
<li>Steel Mouse from Town of Digby (Recommended)</li>
</ul>

How to get to Town of Digby|You should have looted some Living Shard from Mousevina von Vermin in Mousoleum. Craft 3 Limelight Cheese. You can find Mutated Mole in Laboratory. Mutated Mole Mouse drops Key to the Town of Digby.

You also need to get at least 650,000 gold for the ship and another important purchase. Mousoleum and Laboratory are still the killer combo.

This is typically the first point that a player finds difficulty in meeting the gold target. You may read Early Rank [Gold Guide](https://kuhmann.github.io/mhbasics/docs/NtGM/goldfarming) for more gold farming suggestions.

Once you’re ready, buy the remaining components of the ship at Great Gnarled Tree General Store so that you have 
<ul>
<li>1 King’s Reserve Bubbleh</li>
<li>70 Bolt of Cloth</li>
<li>100 Rope</li>
<li>900 Splintered Wood, which can be bought at Training Grounds General Store.</li>
</ul>

Since Grandmaster only has 5 crafting slots, craft Unchristened Ship first with 1 Ship Blueprints, 18 Scrap Metal, 70 Bolt of Cloth, 100 Rope and 900 Splintered Wood.

Afterwards, craft S.S. Huntington IV with 1 Unchristened Ship and 1 King’s Reserve Bubbleh.
For Legendary or above, just directly craft S.S. Huntington IV with 1 Ship Blueprints, 18 Scrap Metal, 70 Bolt of Cloth, 100 Rope, 900 Splintered Wood AND 1 King’s Reserve Bubbleh.

Claim the adventure Craft the S.S. Huntington IV after you have crafted the ship.

If you still haven’t ranked up, farm gold at Mousoleum.

Travel to S.S. Huntington IV when you rank up to [Legendary](https://kuhmann.github.io/mhbasics/docs/LtB/8. Legendary).
